Slides for Linear Models (#18)
INRIA/scikit-learn-mooc: slides/linear_model.md

`log_reg.fit(X, y)`]

---
# Logistic regression in 2 dimensions

**X** is 2-dimensional  
**y** is the color

.shift-left.pull-left[<img src="../figures/logistic_2D.svg" width="100%">]
.pull-right[<img src="../figures/logistic_3D.svg" width="100%">]

???
Here is an other way of representing our data.
In this case, X has two dimension x1 and x2.
The axis correspond to x1, x2
and the color correspond to the target label y 

---
# Model complexity
Salary = *.4 x* education_level + *.2 x* hours-per-week + *.1 x* age + 
.red[ *.2 x* zodiac_sign + *.1 x* red_socks] + ...  

* Linear model could also overfit. 
 - Reducing its complexity by reducing its parameters value is called *Ridge regression*
???

If we have too many parameters w.r.t. number of samples, it's adviced to penalize the parameters of our models.

With weights penalty, we include the value of the model's weights within the objectif function
So a penalized model should choose lower weights for almost a similar fit

The complexity parameter \alpha controls the amount of shrinkage: the larger the value of \alpha, the greater the amount of shrinkage and thus the coefficients become more robust to collinearity.

---

> # 2 points example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Bias-variance tradeoff: an example
```

Ridge displays much less variance. However it systematically under-estimates the coefficient. It displays a *biased* behavior.

This is a typical example of bias/variance tradeof: non-regularized estimator are not biased, but they can display a lot of variance. Highly-regularized models have little variance, but high bias. This bias is not necessarily a bad thing: what matters is choosing the tradeoff between bias and variance that leads to the best prediction performance. For a specific dataset there is a sweet spot corresponding to the highest complexity that the data can support, depending on the amount of noise and of observations available.

---
# Logistic regression penalized
Logistic Regression comes with a penalty parameters C

.shift-left.pull-left[<img src="../figures/logistic_2D_C0.001.svg" width="100%">]
.pull-right[<img src="../figures/logistic_2D_C1.svg" width="100%">]
???
For large value of C, the model put more emphasize on the frontier's point. 
In contrary, for low value of C, the model is considering all the points.
The choice of C depends of the dataset

---
# Logistic regression for multiclass

> Logistic regression could adapt even if **y** is contains multiple class. It is called *multinomial logistic regression*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logistic regression could adapt even if **y** contains multiple classes. There are several options:
```

.shift-down.pull-left.shift-left[<img src="../figures/linear_data.svg" width="100%">]

???
For illustration purpose, let's consider one dimensionnal observation, 
e.g. salary should be explain by education level (nb of year of study)

---
# Linear regression
A linear model is a slope "as close as possible" from datapoint
The blue curve is the prediction for each **x**

.shift-down.pull-left.shift-left[<img src="../figures/linear_fit.svg" width="100%">]
.pull-right.very-small[```python
from sklearn.linear_model import LinearRegression
lin_reg = LinearRegression()
lin_reg.fit(x, y)
```]
???

We learn a linear function to predict *y*. Here the salary is a constant times the number of years of study.

---
# Linear regression

The linear regression objectif is to minimize the distance between the prediction curve and the datapoints

.shift-down.pull-left.shift-left[<img src="../figures/linear_fit_red.svg" width="100%">]

???
An error for each point correspond to the red bar in the figure
the best fit is the line which minimize the sum of (the square of) those red lines.

Fortunatly, there is a formula, given **X** and **y**, to find the optimal weights in an efficient manner

---

> # Linear regerssion in higher dimension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Linear regression in higher dimension
```

.pull-left.shift-left[<img src="../figures/lin_reg_3D.svg" width="130%">]

???
In real world data set, **X** has severals dimensions, and it is not possible anymore to represent it.

---

> # Logistic regression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# For classification: Logistic regression
```

For **classification** we use a logistic regression model  
**y** is binary, either +1 or -1

.shift-left.pull-left[<img src="../figures/categorical.svg" width="100%">]
.pull-right.very-small[
```python
From sklearn.linear_model import LogisticRegression
log_reg = LogisticRegression()
```
]
???
Logistic regression is a linear model for **classification** - not regresion as the name suggest.

In our adult_census dataset, we do not have continous value for salary but only whether the salary is higher than $50K or not.

---
# Logistic regression

> The output is now conposed with the logistic function
> Logistic(x) = 1 / (1 + exp(-x))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output is now modeled as a form of step function, which is adjusted on the data.
```

.shift-left.pull-left[<img src="../figures/logistic_color.svg" width="100%">]
.pull-right.very-small[
```python
From sklearn.linear_model import LogisticRegression
log_reg = LogisticRegression()
log_reg.fit(X, y)
```]

---
# Logistic regression in 2 dimensions

**X** is 2-dimensional  
**y** is the color

.shift-left.pull-left[<img src="../figures/logistic_2D.svg" width="100%">]
.pull-right[<img src="../figures/logistic_3D.svg" width="100%">]

???
Here is an other way of representing our data.
In this case, X has two dimension x1 and x2.
The axis correspond to x1, x2
and the color correspond to the target label y 

---
# Model complexity
Salary = *.4 x* education_level + *.2 x* hours-per-week + *.1 x* age + 
.red[ *.2 x* zodiac_sign + *.1 x* red_socks] + ...  

> * Linear model could also overfit. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A linear model can also overfit. 
```

>  - Reducing its complexity by reducing its parameters value is called *Ridge regression*

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The most classic way to limit its complexity is to push coefficients toward small values. Such model is called *Ridge* for regression settings. 
```

???

If we have too many parameters w.r.t. number of samples, it's adviced to penalize the parameters of our models.

With weights penalty, we include the value of the model's weights within the objectif function
So a penalized model should choose lower weights for almost a similar fit

The complexity parameter \alpha controls the amount of shrinkage: the larger the value of \alpha, the greater the amount of shrinkage and thus the coefficients become more robust to collinearity.

---
# Bias-variance tradeoff: an example

.pull-left.shift-left[<img src="../figures/lin_reg_2_points.svg" width="110%">]

---
# 2 points example

.pull-left.shift-left[<img src="../figures/lin_reg_2_points_no_penalty.svg" width="110%">]

> .pull-right[<img src="../figures/lin_reg_2_points_ridge.svg" width="110%">]

Reviewer: Can you explore adding test data points in light gray that are drawn from the original model with a bit of noise. The goal would be to show that a bit of bias can minimize the left-out error.

These points could appear in a third slide: keeping the two first figures a such, and adding a slide after.

Author: I added some grey points (cf slide_linear.html).
But here the regularization do not help those points, i.e. it do not minimize the left-out error.

Nonetheless, I would be happy having a visual where bias could help!

Reviewer 2: I think that we will need some legend to know that the grey points are the testing points.

Shall we have the fitted line in the same colours than the 2 points that they fit.
I am also wondering which palette of colour to use for colorblindness here. We could play with marker types maybe to differentiate?

Author: I had remove the grey point (still visible in "presentation mode")
It do not allow to see that regularization could be helpful.

.pull-left.shift-left[     Linear regression]
.pull-right[         Ridge]
.pull-left.shift-left[     No bias, high variance]
.pull-right[         low bias, low variance]
???
from http://scipy-lectures.org/packages/scikit-learn/index.html#bias-variance-trade-off-illustration-on-a-simple-regression-problem

Left: As we can see, our linear model captures and amplifies the noise in the data. It displays a lot of *variance*.

Right: Ridge estimator regularizes the coefficients by shrinking lightly them to zero

Ridge displays much less variance. However it systematically under-estimates the coefficient. It displays a *biased* behavior.

This is a typical example of bias/variance tradeof: non-regularized estimator are not biased, but they can display a lot of variance. Highly-regularized models have little variance, but high bias. This bias is not necessarily a bad thing: what matters is choosing the tradeoff between bias and variance that leads to the best prediction performance. For a specific dataset there is a sweet spot corresponding to the highest complexity that the data can support, depending on the amount of noise and of observations available.

---

> # Logistic regression penalized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Regularization in logistic regression
```
We haven't used the word "penalization" in the MOOC so far, rather "regularization" (they are not strictly equivalent, I am aware).

> Logistic Regression comes with a penalty parameters C

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameter C of logistic Regression controls the "complexity" of the model, and in practice whether the model focuses on data close to the boundary.
```

Reviewer 3: logistic regression: lower case.

.shift-left.pull-left[<img src="../figures/logistic_2D_C0.001.svg" width="100%">]

> .pull-right[<img src="../figures/logistic_2D_C1.svg" width="100%">]

Reviewer: Add notes below saying "large C", "small C"

they give us fair baselines

---
# Outline

* What is a linear model?
* Linear model for regression & classification
* How to avoid overfitting?

---
# Adult census

.very-small[

| Age | Workclass | Education    | Marital-status     | Occupation         | Relationship | Race  | Sex  | Capital-gain | Hours-per-week | Native-country | Salary |
| --- | --------- | ------------ | ------------------ | ------------------ | ------------ | ----- | ---- | ------------ | -------------- | -------------- | ----- |
| 25  | Private   | 11th         | Never-married      | Machine-op-inspct  | Own-child    | Black | Male | 0            | 40             | United-States  | $45k |
| 38  | Private   | HS-grad      | Married-civ-spouse | Farming-fishing    | Husband     | White  | Male | 0            | 50             | United-States   | $40k |
| 28  | Local-gov | Assoc-acdm   | Married-civ-spouse | Protective-serv    | Husband      | White | Male | 0            | 40             | United-States   | $60k  |
| 44  | Private   | Some-college | Married-civ-spouse | Machine-op-inspct  | Husband      | Black | Male | 7688         | 40             | United-States   | $52k  |

]

> Salary = *.4 x* education + *.2 x* hours-per-week + *.1 x* age + ...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"Salary" = *0.4 x* "Education" + *0.2 x* "Hours-per-week" + *0.1 x* "Age" + ...
```

It would be best if the equation fit on a single line

???

> Adult census is here a bit modify, instead we have the value of the salary for every one.
> So we can see it as a regression problem

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adult census is here a bit modify, instead of having 2 categories, < $50k and
>= $50k, the target "Salaray" contains the exact value of the salary for each
person. Thus, the target is continuous and we deal with a regression problem
instead of a classification problem.
```

> Salary could be a linear combination of the feature (explanatory variable). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Salary could be a linear combination of the feature (explanatory variable).
```

---
# Linear regression

> Predict the value of the target **y**  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Predict the value of the target **y**
```

given some observation **X**

.shift-down.pull-left.shift-left[<img src="../figures/linear_data.svg" width="100%">]

???

> For illustration purpose, let's consider one dimensionnal observation, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For illustration purpose, let's consider 1-dimensional observation,
```

> e.g. salary should be explain by education level (nb of year of study)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
e.g. salary should be explained by education level (number of year of study)
```

---
# Linear regression

> A linear model is a slope "as close as possible" from datapoint

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A linear model is a slope "as close as possible" from all data points
```

Reviewer 2: I think that I would use "sample" instead of "datapoint"

> The blue curve is the prediction for each **x**

Reviewer 2: We should have a break line with the previous statement or a full stop on the previous line.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The blue curve is the predictions for each possible **x**
```

.shift-down.pull-left.shift-left[<img src="../figures/linear_fit.svg" width="100%">]
.pull-right.very-small[```python

> from sklearn.linear_model import LinearRegression

Reviewer 2: It would be super cool if this line fit entirely on the left part without having a slider.
I don't know if we should reduce the padding or change the way to import?

Author: Did it. 
But now I need to find a way to add space between the figure and the code.

> lin_reg = LinearRegression()
> lin_reg.fit(x, y)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
linear_regression = LinearRegression()
linear_regression.fit(x, y)
```

```]
???

> We learn a linear function to predict *y*. Here the salary is a constant times the number of years of study.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We learn a linear function to predict *y*. Here, the salary is a constant
multiplied by the number of years of study.
```

---
# Linear regression

> The linear regression objectif is to minimize the distance between the prediction curve and the datapoints

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The linear regression aims at minimizing the distance between the prediction
curve and the samples
```

> .shift-down.pull-left.shift-left[<img src="../figures/linear_fit_red.svg" width="100%">]

Reviewer 2: I was thinking that we could add a small legend:

- blue: fitted model
- red: error (or residuals if we want to introduce the term directly)

Then, I would probably add the legend from the start (previous plot).

Reviewer 2: We have a blank space on the left. I was wondering if it would not be the time to introduce the error since we have this mentioned in the speech:

```python
import numpy as np
y_pred = linear_regression.predict(X)
residuals = y - y_pred
sum_of_squared_residuals = np.sum(errors ** 2)
```

???

> An error for each point correspond to the red bar in the figure
> the best fit is the line which minimize the sum of (the square of) those red lines.
> 
> Fortunatly, there is a formula, given **X** and **y**, to find the optimal weights in an efficient manner

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An error for each sample corresponds to the red bar in the figure.
The best fit is the blue line which minimizes the sum of (the square of) those
red lines.

Fortunately, there is a formula, given **X** and **y**, to find the optimal
weights in an efficient manner.
```

---

> # Linear regression in higher dimension

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Linear regression in higher dimensions
```

.pull-left.shift-left[<img src="../figures/lin_reg_3D.svg" width="130%">]

???

> In real world data set, **X** has severals dimensions, and it is not possible anymore to represent it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In higher dimensions, the principle remains the same: a linear model tries
to minimize the distance between the samples and a hyper-plane.

In real-world data set, **X** has several dimensions, and it is not anymore
possible to represent it graphically.
```

---

> # For classification: logistic regression

Reviewer 2: It would be great if it would fit on a single line

Author: Which line ? 
The title in my browser fit on a single line

Reviewer 2: Yes, the title. So it could be a browser/system dependent.
We should be probably taking care of it to ensure that we have the same rendering everywhere but this might not be the highest priority right now. We can make it as a FIXME for later

> For **classification** we use a logistic regression model  
> **y** is binary, either +1 or -1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For **classification**, we use a logistic regression model **y** is binary,
either +1 or -1
```

.shift-left.pull-left[<img src="../figures/categorical.svg" width="100%">]
.pull-right.very-small[
```python
From sklearn.linear_model import LogisticRegression
log_reg = LogisticRegression()
```
]
???

> Logistic regression is a linear model for **classification** - not regresion as the name suggest.
> 
> In our adult_census dataset, we do not have continous value for salary but only whether the salary is higher than $50K or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Logistic regression is a linear model for **classification** - not regression
as the name would wrongly suggest.

In our `adult_census` dataset, we do not have continuous value for salary but
only whether the salary is higher than $50K or not. This problem is, therefore,
a classification problem.
```

---
# For classification: logistic regression

> The output is now modeled as a form of step function, which is adjusted on the data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The output is now modelled as a form of a step function, which is adjusted on
the data
```

.shift-left.pull-left[<img src="../figures/logistic_color.svg" width="100%">]
.pull-right.very-small[
```python
From sklearn.linear_model import LogisticRegression
log_reg = LogisticRegression()
log_reg.fit(X, y)
```]

---
# Logistic regression in 2 dimensions

> **X** is 2-dimensional  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**X** is 2-dimensional
```

**y** is the color

.shift-left.pull-left[<img src="../figures/logistic_2D.svg" width="100%">]
.pull-right[<img src="../figures/logistic_3D.svg" width="100%">]

???
Here is an other way of representing our data.
In this case, X has two dimension x1 and x2.

> The axis correspond to x1, x2
> and the color correspond to the target label y 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The axes correspond to x1, x2 and the color corresponds to the target label y.
```

---
# Model complexity

> Salary = *.4 x* education_level + *.2 x* hours-per-week + *.1 x* age + 

Reviewer 2: I would put the model after the statement that it can overfit

> Salary = *.4 x* education_level + *.2 x* hours-per-week + *.1 x* age + 
> .red[ *.2 x* zodiac_sign + *.1 x* red_socks] + ...  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"Salary" = *0.4 x* "Education" + *0.2 x* "Hours-per-week" + *0.1 x* "Age" +
.red[ *0.2 x* "Zodiac-sign" + *0.1 x* "Wear-red-socks"] + ...
```

> * A linear model can also overfit. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A linear model can also overfit
```

> The most classic way to limit its complexity is to push coefficients toward small values. Such model is called *Ridge* for regression settings. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The most classic way to limit its complexity is to push coefficients toward
small values. Such model is called *Ridge* for regression settings.
```

???

> If we have too many parameters w.r.t. number of samples, it's adviced to penalize the parameters of our models.
> 
> With weights penalty, we include the value of the model's weights within the objectif function
> So a penalized model should choose lower weights for almost a similar fit

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If we have too many parameters w.r.t. the number of samples, it is advised to
penalize the parameters of our models.

With weights penalty, we include the value of the model's weights within the
objective function (i.e. the sum of the squared residuals). So a penalized model
should choose lower weights for almost a similar fit.
```

> The complexity parameter \alpha controls the amount of shrinkage: the larger the value of \alpha, the greater the amount of shrinkage and thus the coefficients become more robust to collinearity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this penalized objective function, a complexity parameter allows to control
the amount of shrinkage and it is denominated \alpha. The larger the value of
\alpha, the greater the amount of shrinkage and thus the coefficients become
more robust to collinearity.
```

Reviewer 2: 2 questions here:

* is it only collinearity?
* we introduce `alpha` without equation nor code. I would think that having a `Ridge` model showing the `alpha` there could be good?

Reviewer: My goal in this MOOC is to avoid equations as much as possible.

---
# Bias-variance tradeoff: an example

.pull-left.shift-left[<img src="../figures/lin_reg_2_points.svg" width="110%">]

---
# 2 points example

.pull-left.shift-left[<img src="../figures/lin_reg_2_points_no_penalty.svg" width="110%">]
.pull-right[<img src="../figures/lin_reg_2_points_ridge.svg" width="110%">]

.pull-left.shift-left[     Linear regression]
.pull-right[         Ridge]
.pull-left.shift-left[     No bias, high variance]
.pull-right[         low bias, low variance]
???
from http://scipy-lectures.org/packages/scikit-learn/index.html#bias-variance-trade-off-illustration-on-a-simple-regression-problem

> Left: As we can see, our linear model captures and amplifies the noise in the data. It displays a lot of *variance*.
> 
> Right: Ridge estimator regularizes the coefficients by shrinking lightly them to zero
> 
> Ridge displays much less variance. However it systematically under-estimates the coefficient. It displays a *biased* behavior.
> 
> This is a typical example of bias/variance tradeof: non-regularized estimator are not biased, but they can display a lot of variance. Highly-regularized models have little variance, but high bias. This bias is not necessarily a bad thing: what matters is choosing the tradeoff between bias and variance that leads to the best prediction performance. For a specific dataset there is a sweet spot corresponding to the highest complexity that the data can support, depending on the amount of noise and of observations available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Left: As we can see, our linear model captures and amplifies the noise in the
data. It displays a lot of *variance*.

Right: Ridge estimator regularizes the coefficients by shrinking lightly
them to zero.

Ridge displays much less variance. However, it systematically under-estimates
the coefficient. It displays a *biased* behavior.

This is a typical example of bias/variance tradeoff: non-regularized estimator
are not biased, but they can display a lot of variance. Highly-regularized
models have little variance, but high bias. This bias is not necessarily a bad
thing: what matters is choosing the tradeoff between bias and variance that
leads to the best prediction performance. For a specific dataset there is a
sweet spot corresponding to the highest complexity that the data can support,
depending on the amount of noise and of observations available.
```

---
# 2 points example

.pull-left.shift-left[<img src="../figures/lin_reg_2_points_no_penalty_grey.svg" width="110%">]
.pull-right[<img src="../figures/lin_reg_2_points_ridge_grey.svg" width="110%">]

.pull-left.shift-left[     Linear regression]
.pull-right[         Ridge]
.pull-left.shift-left[     No bias, high variance]
.pull-right[         low bias, low variance]
???

> 

Reviewer 2: We should probably add a sentence regarding the test points. I think that the comment of @GaelVaroquaux would just applied as a comment.

---
# Regularization in logistic regression

> The parameter C of logistic regression controls the "complexity" of the model, and in practice whether the model focuses on data close to the boundary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The parameter C of logistic regression controls the "complexity" of the model,
and in practice, whether the model focuses on data close to the boundary.
```

.shift-left.pull-left[<img src="../figures/logistic_2D_C0.001.svg" width="100%">]
.pull-right[<img src="../figures/logistic_2D_C1.svg" width="100%">]
.pull-left.shift-left[     Small C]
.pull-right[         Large C]
???

> For large value of C, the model put more emphasize on the frontier's point. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a large value of C, the model puts more emphasis on the frontier's point.
```

> In contrary, for low value of C, the model is considering all the points.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the contrary, for a low value of C, the model is considering all the points.
```

> The choice of C depends of the dataset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The choice of C depends on the dataset and should be tuned for each set.
```

---
# Logistic regression for multiclass

> Logistic regression could adapt even if **y** contains multiple classes. There are several options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Logistic regression could adapt even if **y** contains multiple classes.
There are several options:
```

.shift-left.pull-left[<img src="../figures/multinomial.svg" width="100%">]
.pull-right[

> * Multinomial 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Multinomial
```

* One vs One
* One vs Rest
]
???

> Mutlinomial logistic regression is a natural extension of logistic regression.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Multinomial logistic regression is a natural extension of logistic regression.
```

> Otherwise, we stil can run One vs Rest approach.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Otherwise, we still can run One vs Rest approach.
```

---
# Linear separability

> .shift-left.pull-left[<img src="../figures/lin_separable.svg" width="100%">]

Reviewer 2: I would plot the decision of a linear model to show the issue

.pull-right[<img src="../figures/lin_not_separable.svg" width="100%">]

.pull-left.shift-left[Linearly separable]
.pull-right[     linearly *Not* separable]

???
Linear models work as long as your data could be linearly separable.

> Otherwise, either we could do features augmentation, or we could choose a more complex model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Otherwise, either we could do features augmentation, or we could choose a more
non-linear model.
```

---
.center[
# Take home messages 
]

* Linear model are good baselines for:
 - regression: linear regression + penalty = Ridge

>  - classification: logistic regression

Reviewer 2: We should probably mention to use `C`

* very fast to train

> * Better when *p* > *n*

Reviewer 2: I think we should use number of features and number of samples instead of `p` and `n`

---
# Linear regression
A linear model is a slope "as close as possible" from datapoint
The blue curve is the prediction for each **x**

.shift-down.pull-left.shift-left[<img src="../figures/linear_fit.svg" width="100%">]

> .pull-right.very-small[`From sklearn.linear_model import LinearRegression`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.pull-right.very-small[`from sklearn.linear_model import LinearRegression`
```
Python is case sensitive.

Also, it there a way to do code blocks / syntax highlighting in markdown? We should probably use it here

Author: I'll look for syntax highlighting in markdown yes.

---
# Model complexity
Salary = *.4 x* education_level + *.2 x* hours-per-week + *.1 x* age + 

> .red[ *.2 x* zodiac_sign + *.1 x* drink_coffee] + ...  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.red[ *.2 x* zodiac_sign + *.1 x* red_socks] + ...  
```
drink_coffee correlates with coders, which correlates with salary. Let's do something even more stupid :)

???
Linear models work as long as your data could be linearly separable.

> Otherwise, either we could do features augmentation (as we will see in an other lesson), or we could choose a non-linear model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, either we could do feature augmentation (as we will see in an other lesson), or choose a non-linear model.
```
